.. include:: fork-me.rst

jPokemon - Official Documentation
=================================

.. code-block:: java

	import org.jpokemon.pmapi.*; // I wanna be the very best, like no one ever was...

This library (and in part, API) is a response to all of the disparate fan projects (games, engines, and resources) being written in Java. Very few of these projects pool their code, even if they are open source. My suspicion is that a readily accessible and more importantly *well-documented* library might alleviate some of the really dull data-type writing that everyone has to do, and help games get on their feet faster overall. To this end, this project contains (or will ideally contain)

* Data-types for abstract objects common to most (if not all) Pokémon projects: moves, items, species, natures, trainers, and so on.
* Enums and lookup classes for things like types, experience curves, etc.

It may in the future contain

* Managers and factories for these objects.
* Serialization to and from formats such as ``.xml``, ``.json``, ``.ini``, and SQL databases for these objects.

This project is still very much in alpha development mode. It doesn't have everything we want it to yet, and many things have not been tested. You can take a look a what is planned in the Roadmap, what is available in Features, and what has recently changed in the Changelog.

**IMPORTANT: This project is not a fully-featured engine. And it never will be.** There are no game loops. There are no graphics. In fact, there is no data whatsoever (although there's an article on aquiring it `here <getting-data.html>`_). If you're looking for a ``Pikachu.java`` file, you have come to the wrong place. If, on the other hand, you do not want to write the few hundred lines of setters and getters you will probably need for your ``PokemonSpecies.java`` file, this project is for you.

General Documentation
---------------------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   F.A.Q. <faq>
   Installation Instructions <installation>
   Getting Started <getting-started>

API Documentation
-----------------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Javadocs (Overview) <javadocs>
   API Design Document <design>

The Java API documentation is generated by `javasphinx <http://bronto.github.io/javasphinx/>`_, an extension for the Sphinx documentation system capable of extracting in-line Javadoc blocks from source files.

Other Articles
--------------

.. toctree::
	:maxdepth: 1

	How to Get Data <getting-data>

About the Documentation
-----------------------

.. sectionauthor:: atheriel@gmail.com